Apply tags from Correlation Context key/values to Spans (#5685)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/service-agent/java-agent/README.md

`logging.max_history_files`|The max history log files. When rollover happened, if log files exceed this number,then the oldest file will be delete. Negative or zero means off, by default.|`-1`|
`statuscheck.ignored_exceptions`|Listed exceptions would not be treated as an error. Because in some codes, the exception is being used as a way of controlling business flow.|`""`|
`statuscheck.max_recursive_depth`|The max recursive depth when checking the exception traced by the agent. Typically, we don't recommend setting this more than 10, which could cause a performance issue. Negative value and 0 would be ignored, which means all exceptions would make the span tagged in error status.|`1`|
`correlation.element_max_number`|Max element count in the correlation context.|3|

> `correlation.value_max_length`|Max value length of each element.|`128`|

Reviewer: Duplicated.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5441976/96394043-9d606f00-11f3-11eb-87e6-0cd4fd3a252c.png)

If you want to move those two at here, please remove the previous two.

> `correlation.injection_tags`|These tags of the span are derived from correlations with the same name.|`""`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`correlation.injection_tags`|Tag the span by the key/value in the correlation context, when the keys listed here exist.|`""`|
```

`logging.max_history_files`|The max history log files. When rollover happened, if log files exceed this number,then the oldest file will be delete. Negative or zero means off, by default.|`-1`|
`statuscheck.ignored_exceptions`|Listed exceptions would not be treated as an error. Because in some codes, the exception is being used as a way of controlling business flow.|`""`|
`statuscheck.max_recursive_depth`|The max recursive depth when checking the exception traced by the agent. Typically, we don't recommend setting this more than 10, which could cause a performance issue. Negative value and 0 would be ignored, which means all exceptions would make the span tagged in error status.|`1`|
`correlation.element_max_number`|Max element count in the correlation context.|3|
`correlation.value_max_length`|Max value length of each element.|`128`|

> `correlation.auto_tag_keys`|Tag the span by the key/value in the correlation context, when the keys listed here exist.|`""`|

Reviewer: I think you should consider including this in your DevCon topic with many other commits you made, why they are important, how to use them.

Author: This is exactly what I want to share

`meter.max_meter_size`| Max size of the meter pool |`500`|
`plugin.mount` | Mount the specific folders of the plugins. Plugins in mounted folders would work. | `plugins,activations` |
`plugin.peer_max_length `|Peer maximum description limit.|`200`|
`plugin.extendcontextmanager.injection_tags `|These tags of the span are derived from correlations with the same name.|`""`|
`plugin.extendcontextmanager.external_injection_switch `|The external injection switch.(Please notice the injection security)|`false`|
`plugin.extendcontextmanager.external_injection_key`|The correlation data which made up of external_injection_key and external_injection_token allows the other correlation data injected by external passing.|`"sw-injection-key"`|

> `plugin.extendcontextmanager.external_injection_token `|The correlation data which made up of external_injection_key and external_injection_token allows the other correlation data injected by external passing.|`"sw-injection-token"`|

Reviewer: I think these are out of update?
